docs(ai-agents/snowflake): note PAT network policy requires Airbyte Agents IPs (#79094)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/ai-agents/connectors/snowflake/AUTH.md

  }'
```

:::note Network policy required for PAT authentication

> When using programmatic access tokens, the Snowflake user's network policy must allow connections from Airbyte's IP addresses. Add the [Airbyte Agents IP addresses](https://docs.airbyte.com/ai-agents/admin/ip-allowlist) to the network policy attached to the PAT user, or to the account-level network policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Programmatic Access Token authentication, the Snowflake user's network policy must allow connections from Airbyte's IP addresses. Add the [Airbyte Agents IP addresses](https://docs.airbyte.com/ai-agents/admin/ip-allowlist) to the network policy attached to the PAT user, or to the account-level network policy.
```
